THESE NOTES NEED TO BE UPDATED AFTER TESTING AS CHANGES TO ANTELOPE & CONTRIB HAVE BROKEN THINGS HERE
      
NOTE: Project documents moved to /data/projects/cwake_documents on 2012/07/19 (1-2 years after end of project)

1. Demonstration databases

A demonstration database is provided as tar archive files and included in the demo directory of the download. This can be copied to any directory 
of your choice and extracted, for example:

      cd $CWAKE
      cp demo/demo_avort.tar ~/work
      cd work
      tar -xvf demo_avort.tar

The demonstration database demo_avort is a single day (2011/02/20) from the AVO real-time system database. The events were detected, and prelimary
hypocenters and magnitudes assigned using the Antelope programs orbdetect, orbassoc and orbevproc. The first event was located on the Cook Inlet 
regional grid. For this particular event, P pick arrivals are hidden behind S pick arrivals, so the incorrect S picks must be removed manually.

2. Testing your installation of cwake 

Extract the demonstration database demo_avort as described above. The hypocenters included in this file come from a nested set of regions defined
in orbassoc, using a grid search and a single velocity model. We will now relocate them using genloc. The simplest way to do this is in batch mode
with relocate:

	    relocate demo_avort avort_relocated -useold

The -useold directive here tells relocate (actually genloc) to use the original hypocenters as input for the first iteration.

The relocated events do not (yet) have magnitudes. The magnitudes for the original set of hypocenters were computed using orbevproc, which gives
the same answers as dbevproc (it is the same code). First, copy the descriptor from above:

	    cp demo_avort avort_relocated

We will now compute magnitudes for the relocated events:

	    dbevproc -p dbevproc_avo avort_relocated avort_relocated

Here we are sending the magnitudes back into the input database. This will only work if the wfdisc table exists on your system and the dir/dfile
fields point to waveform data files. (Note that computing each magnitude with dbevproc takes several tens of seconds – don't think it has crashed
just because it is slow).

Finally, any of these databases can be examined manually with dbloc2, e.g.:

	    dbloc2 -p dbloc2_avo -r avort_relocated

This way, arrivals assigned incorrectly by orbassoc can be fixed manually, and then the event relocated, and a magnitude determined. It is not 
possible to manually select which station magnitudes to include in a network magnitude, though such functionality is planned in a future version
of CWAKE.

3. Validation (THIS STEP HAS NOT BEEN DONE YET DUE TO PROBLEMS WITH STATION ELEVATIONS BENEATH MODEL CEILING)
Hypocenters and Richter magnitudes in the AVO catalog have been determined (since 1989) by an AVO analyst using Hypoellipse. To test CWAKE, six 
datasets containing only well-constrained hypocenters with Richter magnitudes of at least 0.5  were extracted from the AVO “catalog” for Spurr 
(62 events), Redoubt (39), Augustine (22), Katmai-Trident (181), Martin-Mageik (457) and Akutan (15). These can be found in the demo/validation/ 
directory.

4.1 Hypocenters

All events in these databases will be relocated using relocate, for example:

      relocate demo/catalog/Akutan demo/relocate/Akutan -pf relocate_ak -useold

Systematic differences between the catalog and relocated hypocenters will be shown.

4.2 Magnitudes

Richter magnitudes will also be computed for the catalog hypocenters with dbevproc and compared with the original catalog magnitudes.


